I'm tired, Mr. Jackson.
Let's wait for the others.
They'll catch up in a few minutes.
Who's missing?
Tony and Darming.
They're always at the back of the group.
I thought we had an agreement to stay together.
They were walking more slowly than us.
I think it's going to rain.
I'll go back and look for them.
Help!
It's Darming.
He's had an accident.
He fell over when he was running down the steps.
He's hit his head and his leg hurts.
I think he's broken his leg.
When did he fall?
About ten minutes ago.
OK.
Show me where he is.
There he is.
Hey, Darming.
How do you feel?
My leg hurts.
And I can't see very well.
Will I go blind?
No.
You've just hit your head.
You've cut your knee, too.
There's blood on your leg.
Can you move your foot?
Yes.
Ouch.
Oh, but I can't walk.
We'd better get you to hospital.
I'll call for help on my mobile.
Is it serious?
Will I live?
Of course you will.
It's nothing serious.
Tony, tell everyone we have to call off the walk
and go back home.